Ooooooh I'll have to try it tomorrow
: Yellow Wendys really was top tier
: Hey breakfast, get on our level.
: Hey breakfast, get on our level.
runs wendys n gives it back u HERE YA GO
: The is bringing the heat with the new Spicy Crispy Chicken Sandwich. Get it today with nuggs, fries and drink for $4! https
: This was a tough choice for the White House do the right thing and potentially save lives and help the economy or conti
I absolutely hate the wendys on wilson
Who drinks coke for breakfast?
It was DELICIOUS!
I love you Taco Salads
I LEGT MY STRABWRTY PURSE AT MOTHERFUCKING WENDYS
we arent really friends anymore but i still remember two moments we had (probably more but idc) she was feeling upset since she was just made fun of so we went to a park near a wendys that was near my house!! i was like,, mesmerized with the water that i didnt know i was-
can you respond to my message
Maam this is wendys
sometimes you just gotta cry in a wendys parking lot at pm on a monday, it be like that
Quit trying to be Twitter account.
: Wendys Pretzel Bacon Pub Cheeseburger. So good, physics dont apply. Enjoy one with a Dr Pepper today.
: Pretzel Bacon Pub Cheeseburger. . We call it the Dr PubberCombo. Well, not officially, but you could.
Hey do us a favor and discontinue the spicy nuggets and bring back the spicy McChicken. spicy nugs will always reign superior. Know your place.
when are you gonna get with for the Arin Hanson meal?
So tell me why sold my brother a raw ass chicken sandwich today??
: Hey breakfast, get on our level.
sir please im just an underpaid worker at troll wendys hoping to make ends meetim not paid enough to know how"it be"
wendys trash bin
: that $5 can get you a for4 Wendys
Does being a rebel and feeling like you have human agency taste better than the new steamed pretzel bun from that features a quarter pound of beef topped with Muenster cheese, three strips of bacon, honey mustard, warm beer cheese sauce, crispy fried onions and pickles?
: Walter Reed ...
I bet if made a bad bunny meal it would be
: when someone calls me instead of texting like a normal person
Wendys spicy chicken nuggets
This was an empty reply if anyone was curious. But it could be because I said I didnt want any retribution ??
Ma'am this is a wendys
: Pretzel Bacon Pub Cheeseburger. . We call it the Dr PubberCombo. Well, not officially, but you could.
Should have partnered with for that Fresh never frozen patty
Lmao yup
sir, this is a wendys
I wish I could have a frosty and some fries
Yeah that doesnt have the "cancer" factor we're looking for.
Yessssir.. def been there, done that lots of x. Come over next time lol But nah in this case we were just really comparing the big chains all advertising the same spicy chicken nuggets
: The is bringing the heat with the new Spicy Crispy Chicken Sandwich. Get it today with nuggs, fries and drink for $4! https
i haven't had wendys in like a year eat rock
I think every place should have a vegan menu of their regular menu!!!
sir this is a wendys
Got myself today! Really wanted a cookie &amp; even though I've been depressed nobody else would bring me one. But I also got my fav homestyle chicken sandwich &amp; a strawberry lemonade!
Tweeting throgh the mouthful of wendys fries
going to wendys whatchu want
Noooooo! I do love AW!
But you can make your own Spicy Shibani-Batter
I used to work at the Wendys as a teen
Roast me plz
roast me
WTF for ?!?! Read the room!!!
Hello this is the beginning of my quest to receive a response from the infamous
Winter is long and prosper
Nah defeats the purpose.. it has to be in the batter itself. Purity testing
wait i thought that was a wendys promo
: Only the Queen of Spice can bring the heat, and shes bringing it to the . Try the new Spicy Crispy Chicken Sandwich tod
How about getting chicken tenders from KFC or Carls Jr. and sprinkle Tajin or chili powder on it?
mcdonalds and wendys my fucking fav
Hey , you aint no , just saying. Your twitter account is sassy and you get e-street cred for that but you will always be second best as long as Taco Bell is around. Dont get cocky.
: GIVEAWAY ALERT!!!!!!Like, follow, retweet!Enter at:
your spicy nuggets hands down xs better than step ya game up Ronald!
: The is bringing the heat with the new Spicy Crispy Chicken Sandwich. Get it today with nuggs, fries and drink for $4! https
I gotta avoid your account in between meals
so, with all these 'celebrity' meals McDonald is cranking out, needs to answer back with 'the David Hasslehoff' meal- two small cheeseburgers, small fries, and a drink, and only offered after pm... and you need to be half drunk!
wendys at :44
I really appreciate the effort
wendys fries are better idgaf
Nahh not McDs.. the BK ones I had yest were mediocre. spicy nuggs is still the one for me!
lets collab
would be disappointed in you manYou have no beef
: Hey breakfast, get on our level.
: wendys &amp; chick fil a nuggets are top tier
: Hey breakfast, get on our level.
: The is bringing the heat with the new Spicy Crispy Chicken Sandwich. Get it today with nuggs, fries and drink for $4! https
I ordered today for lunch: a large chicken caesar salad (chicken on the side-extra croutons), medium lemonade, medium baconator combo for my husband. What i got: chicken NOT on the side-no extra croutons, small lemonade, wrong burger, small fry, small coke.
yo new pretzel bacon pub really slaps!
IM ON THEIR SIDE WHAT U MEAN
As far as the wendys time clock thats where hes going
bro its been like year how did you find this
Wendys
Soda for breakfast? Cornering that diabetes market huh
barbecue nasty asf now
the last minute or so like the bridge and rap and wendys note AHHH
i think he likes wendys, burger king, AND mcdonalds!
Forgive me, Union Supporters, for I have had delivered to me by
: I wish would get their old sauces back
The okay then bye implies that they simply dont shop there.
Not for the animals that are slaughtered for your tastebuds tho
yo i hate to do this but ive been a customer for a long time but i just had to wait minutes for a fucking $ biggy bag and they forgot the drink and almost forgot the nuggets. Is there anything yall can do to make this right
I AM HUNGRY
This thing was disgusting. It was mushy with barely any hint of maple.
Dear Wendys...Is this the cure for the blues? Asking for a friend.
are you guys still doing the for deal?
: The Pretzel Bacon Pub Cheeseburger and a . So good it defies the laws of physics.
: oh shit... , bring this LTO to your Lebanon Indiana store and you have
normalize buying wendys everyday
Wendy's ()
yes fuck wendys
